----------------------------------------------------------------------
Scripts:
----------------------------------------------------------------------

SetPerms
	a semi-automatic shell-script for setting file and 
	directory permissions in the CVS repository, in 
	epics, vxworks or development related directories.

bdns_import.pl
	import BESSY device names into the oracle database

bdns_lookup.pl
	lookup BESSY device names in the oracle database

browsedb.pl
	a perl-script with a graphical user interface to 
        browse the oracle database. The program can be used to view 
	and change data in the database as well as show relations 
	between the tables.
     
buds_lookup.pl
	???

camonitor_sort.pl
	sort and filer files created by the EPICS camonitor command.
	The filtering can be specified with regulat expressions.
	This tool is especially useful when many different PV's 
	are monitored at a time.

canlink.pl
	encode and decode the lowCAL hardware link as it is 
	used in the BESSY MultiCAN device support for EPICS.

cvs_diff.pl
	compare versions of a file in a CVS repository. This tool
	can remove emtpy lines and c-comments before comparing.

cvs_log_diff.pl
	compares the all log-messages between two revisions or tags
	in a CVS repository. 

dbfilter.pl
	A tool to filter db files or to find information in db 
	files. Regular expression matches can be done on 
	record names, record types or values of record-fields.
	Connections between records can be shown, lowCAL and
	SDO CAN links can be decoded.

dbscan.pl
	This script is from Rolf Keitel <rolf@triumf.ca>. It scans
	db and sch files and has lots of options, the most interesting
        being '-d' which searches for 'dangling links'. I.e. it lists
        all records which have links that point somewhere outside the
        given db file (along with the target record). Unfortunately
        does not tell which link field and which target field.

dbutil.p
	A tool that can export database-tables to ASCII files and 
	re-import these files. Useful if you want to change many parts
	of a database-table with your favorite text-editor...
	
expander.pl
	macro expander for text-files. Since this tool allows
	the execution of arbitrary perl-expressions, it is 
	quite powerful and (if you want this) a programming
	language of its own. It features 
	if-statements, complex expressions and for-loops among others.
	This script is a simple application of the expander.pm module.


filter_can_links.pl
	extract CAN links from a .db file (for the 
	BESSY lowCAL protocol). Note that dbfilter.pl can
	almost do the same with the "--lowcal" option.
	
	
grab_xkeys.pl
	???

grepDb.pl
       A tool to search in EPICS-db files. It allows to define regular
       expressions as triggers in its commandline options for record-name, 
       record-type, field-name and field value if a record or a field matches 
       the trigger, it causes a print of the record. To control the printed 
       output there are options to define the record names, record types or 
       field types that have to be printed.
	
hgen.pl a header-generator for c and c++

makeDocCommonIndex.pl
	???

makeDocPerl.pl
	???
	
makeDocTxt.pl
	???
	
multi-commit.pl
	perform multiple commits (cvs|svn|darcs) with a prepared command-file 

paths.pl
	prints commands to set your perl-environment in order to use
	the perl-modules and scripts of bii_scripts 

paths2.pl
	like paths.pl but uses the global installation directories
	of the bii_scripts project.

pfind.pl
	a perl-script for powerful recursive file pattern search, like
	a recursive grep, but better. Features among other things
        text-file search, c-file search, regular expressions that 
	match across line-ends.

rsync-dist.pl
	manages binary distributions to remote servers. No old version
	is ever lost. Uses hard-links to save storage space. Manages
	also symbolic links that point to the distribution directories
	on the server.

Sch2db.pl
	a perl sch to db converter. Converts capfast(*.sch) files
	to the db file format as it is used in EPICS. This is faster
	and more flexible that the combination of sch2edif and e2db...

sch_cvs_diff
	shows the difference between a modified capfast (*.sch) file
	and it's version on the top-trunk in the cvs repository.
	The difference of the resulting *.db files is shown, which
	is much clearer when you want to find out what was really 
	changed.
	
set_ioc_tsrv.pl
	???
	
subst2exp.pl
	convert substitution-files to expander format for usage
	with the expander.pl script. This can be used on the fly
	as an alternative to EPICS msi, or to convert
	substitution files to expander format in order to use
	the much more powerful commands of the expander format
	when replacing values in EPICS template files. 


----------------------------------------------------------------------
Libraries and Modules:
----------------------------------------------------------------------

BDNS.pm
	???
	
bessy_module.pm
	This performa a "module <command> <args...>" in the z-shell 
	environment and re-imports the environment-variables to the 
	perl-process, so they are available in the %ENV-hash
	
BrowseDB/TkUtils.pm 
	Tk-utilities for browsedb.pl

browsedb_conf.PL  
	this file is only needed for "make install" in order to 
	patch browsedb.pl. It hat no use, once bii_scripts is installed

canlink 
	a perl-module that can be used to encode or decode the
	"cryptic can link" as it is used in the BESSY CAN Bus
	device support for EPICS.

cfgfile.pm
	simple module to read or write a configuration file


container.pm
	This provides routines to import and export perl variables into 
	a single hash. A map-hash defines what hash-key is connected
	to what variable. Importing and exporting is performed by
	copying scalars, arrays and hashes. This is not a simple copy
	of references. Note that deeply nested structures are
	deeply copied.  

CreateX.pm
	???

dbdrv_lite.pm
	low level routines for sqlite. Used by dbdrv.
	
dbdrv_oci
	low level routines for the ORACLE database. Needed by dbdrv.

dbdrv_pg.pm   
	low level routines for a PostgreSQL database. Needed by dbdrv.

dbdrv_test.pl  
	test-script for dbdrv. This shouldn't be in the repository!      

dbdrv	low level utilities for SQL database access, needed by
	dbitable

dbitable
	an object-oriented Perl module for handling single tables
        from an SQL database

expander.pm
	a module to perform macro-replacements in text files. Features
	if-statements, complex expressions and for-loops among others

maillike.pm
	This module is used to parse and create data files in a 
	format similar to mail (RFC822). The data is organized in
	records, each record has a number of fields and to each 
	field of a record an certain content is associated.

makeDocStyle.pm
	???

ODB.pm
	???

Options.pm
	???

parse_db
	a perl-module for parsing EPICS db-files


parse_subst
	a perl-module for parsing EPICS substitution-files

Pezca	
	a perl-module that implements the channel-access protocol
	and gives access to EPICS variables (1)

scan_makefile.pm
	This module scans one or more than one makefile and returns 
	a hash reference containing all variables that are set within
	the makefile together with all environment variables.


simpleconf.pm
	This module is used to parse and create configuration files
	in a very simple format. The data is typically organized in
	lines where each line contains a field-name and the contents
	of the field. Empty lines and lines starting with a "#" character
	(which are usually a comment) are ignored.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------
(1)	This is a CPAN-like module which has to be installed via
	"make". This module needs a working C-compiler in order to
	be installed. The source is in "bii_scipts/src/perl/[module]",
	the documentation in "bii_scipts/doc/man/man3/[module].3",
	
(2)	This is a "flat" perl module, which is simply placed in 
	"bii_scipts/lib/perl" with the name "[module].pm". This module
	contains embedded documenation, which is extracted to a 
	man-page via "make". The documentation is in 
	"bii_scipts/doc/man/man3/[module].3",

